hi girls how are you welcome to me
channel I hope you are very well and good
now I have a very special video
because if you do not know you have only been
realized true this I just got
to the 10,000 subscribers I'm super
super happy I do not know what to tell them seriously
many, many thanks to those who
are subscribed in this channel that are
my mexican green heart asp
true without you this would not be possible
obviously but I do not know I do not know how
thank everyone I'd like to give them
a hug each one
so they are giving them something for
there true so stay at the end
of the video for now, I'm going to
show what I'm wearing on my face
because I could not record them a tutorial
that you wanted in my last video
of
the video of when I made the control this
they wanted the tutorial of what I brought in
the eyes of how I had done it and
I had every intention of doing it but
I had a minor niggle I just
leave a chick here can not see in
and the good truth this is one and here I
I burned my forehead on Sunday they want
know what he says on Sunday then
go to my blog channel ok there they go
to know what happened good I'm very ugly
and I was like scar appealing
the forehead then the truth is that no
my face right now is not fit to do
a tutorial I promise you believe me it's not
for nothing but not right now you can not
I'm going to show you what I bring
the eyes right now I'm using this
palette
I do not know if and in tone it's
this moradito is the one that I bring in
the eyes are purple and I blend with
this color like brick here below brings
other
this little game of shadows looks like this
are very nice this palette is this one
I'm going to leave the link in the box
information in case they are interested if
they want to get it
and good and I bring you this from braun
Portugal is waiting in light had
lights and
use the gel that is this and use this tone
coffee
and it's like it looks in my eyes right now
I loved this product because you
They make it very natural even though it is
here it looks a little bit better
dark the brown tone of the middle per me
it was perfect my eyebrows are super
father and apart the one that success makes
the shadows as it is powder is matte
makes you stay in your place and not
run for nothing so I liked that and
As this is not it, I will also leave you
the link at the bottom that everyone
are in the information load and
blush let me tell you that I bring this
blush of make up called head over
Heels is a beautiful boiling structures
see how beautiful it is hindrance
this beautiful
is so we create or are you a color
very nice and you explain it and it leaves you
as also the color of blush but you
leave as a this a good lighting
well nice, I love austro bolt
I will also leave you interest in blush
in the description box so that the
checks the prices are super
accessible and I think we can all
get one of these truth apart from
that the color is beautiful and has
variety of tones too so the
I invite you to go to my page
coffee for system interests them and the base
of makeup I bring this from l'oréal
true match and is the natural beige 94 and in
the lips I bring a books that is
beautiful and it's from whitening lighting the
color is pitch
beautiful is in tone is a good pink
nice that looks like I bring the lip
but the center and you have need
you can see it
it is also beautiful the tone has
delighted and that's how it looks good
natural
and here is the mirror and do not worry
I'm going to have nothing from him
and also this is going to be the link
for if they want to get one of these
want to see from this beautiful books them
I'm going to leave the information here
and I'm also going to give you a discount
discount code 25% more
work and you can use it with the name
mecca blogger ok so I thought
one pass out there for the box
information because he will see quite
information and you to fix my
make you this from avn in the water
thermal and finally there are necklaces of
relatives also lights yes
I love this beautiful gift
and well this is late
all right
dimension
lights and it's really nice back comes from
what comes in
and well I hope you enter this draw
The truth is that a beautiful
gift I liked for me but I'm leaving
to give to one of you thanking the
unconditional effort true and this is
international so I invite you to
you like this video to be
subscribe
if you are subscribed then very well for you
true this video has to be put in
favorites and also comment me please
where are you from and where do you have the
Your parents' permission is very important
for me ok and they are more than
welcome to all who want
participate very many thanks see you
take care in the next video and then the
I invite you to follow me in my networks
social is also not a requirement but if
they want to follow me over there because to her
I'm waiting for you but if the requirement
that is subscribed that you put a video this
video in favorites and that you like it ok
and comment me down here where
are you and your full name please and the
I'm going to say it on Thursday
that comes so good I invite you to
be careful and here I will name it in
my YouTube channel will not be in
facebook is not going to be by email is not going to
be for nothing of that is going to be on my channel
and good, waiting for the next Thursday
they will know who is the winner and why
please this one follow the rules we do not say
and many, many thanks to
You send many kisses take care and
we are seeing the next